Refs #373 -- Added Model._is_pk_set(). (#18450)
django/django: docs/releases/5.2.txt

> * ...

Reviewer: This needs to be removed.

> * The new :meth:`~django.db.models.Model._is_pk_set()` method is added to
>   support checking whether the ``pk`` property (composite or not) has been set:
> 
>   * ``obj.pk is not None`` -> ``obj._is_pk_set()``
>   * ``obj.pk is None`` -> ``not obj._is_pk_set()``

Reviewer: Given that this is still an "experimental" method, I would make this note more succinct:
```suggestion
* The new :meth:`~django.db.models.Model._is_pk_set()` method allows to
  check whether a Model instance has its primary key set or not.
```
